What is httplog?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This program is intended to be a logfile rollover program for the Apache web
server.


How does it work?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It takes one argument at the command line, the path to a logfile as a template.
The template pathname can use any valid special characters permitted in
strftime(3).  Other optional arguments can be appended to the command line.

If you want to have httplog run as a different user and/or group (instead of
running as root - possible security risks), you can use the `-u <userid>' and
`-g <groupid>' to have httplog run as that user and/or group.

You can also specify `-b <buffer size in bytes>' to have httplog use a custom
buffer size for memory storage of log data, rather than the default value of
just line buffering mode (flushes data per newline).

If you want to have your logfiles gzipped because of size constraints, you can
now use the `-z' option to have httplog gzip all logfiles once it's done
writing all data to them (when a rollover period hits and a new logfile is to
be created).

You may have a symlink to the currently active logfile by using the `-s' option
and specifying a filename to be used as the symlink.


What are its benefits?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This program makes Apache act similar to Microsofts' IIS webserver in its
logging style (as opposed to every logfile entry in one single huge logfile).
This allows you to easily maintain your webserver logfiles for statistics
packages in an easily organizable manner without user intervention.

Because of the buffer option added since v1.5, httplog may also be usefull for
extremely large sites that get thousands of hits per second, and typically
disable logging to save their hard drives from dying.  The buffer size option
can be used to create an extremely large buffer in ram so that logfiles would
not be flushed as often as if it were in line buffering mode, and in essence,
could prolong the life of your valuable drives by decreasing their activity.


Where do I report bugs?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You should report any and all bugs/quirks to the author at nutbar@innocent.com
There is unfortunately no mailing list, as this program is quite small and
simple.

There is an httplog forum where you can ask questions, etc.  This forum is at
http://0x00.org/forums/, however please email me if you want a quick responce.


Where can I get the latest version?
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The current site where httplog is being stored is http://nutbar.chemlab.org/
New versions and news regarding the program will be posted on this site first.
You should also be able to find links to this program on http://freshmeat.net/
